Project Scope
Development of a platform-independent web application accessible via desktop and smartphones.
Registration and profile management for Customers, Service Providers, and Administrators.
A searchable service catalog featuring categories like cleaning, plumbing, painting, and electrical work.
A localized matching system to track and suggest the nearest service providers to a customer.
A feedback and rating mechanism to ensure service quality and provider trustworthiness.


User Characteristics 

 Mobility: The proposed system would be platform independent as it can be used using 
desktop as well as smart phone and tablets. 
 Efficiency: The new proposed service providing system is very efficient and less time 
consuming compared to current system.  
 User-friendly: It provides user friendly interface in form of web application, mobile 
application or desktop application so user can easily access and use it.  
 Easy to Use: It is very easy to use relatively current system to find service provider to get 
service.  
 Safety: It validates user by login activity and provides facilities like forgot password and 
create new user.  


Functional & Non- Functional Requirements 


 Functional Requirements: 
System Functional requirement describes activities and services that must provide. 
 Taking and Reviewing service provider service in specific time. 
 Track location of service provider which is nearest to customer if it available than suggest 
to customer. 
 Permitting to admin to remove service category or remove a single service. 
 Showing the customer feedback to service provider's service and how the digyata team can 
be Best. 


 Non- Functional Requirements: 
Non-functional Requirements are characteristics or attributes of the system that can judge its 
operation. The following points clarify them: 
 Accuracy and Precision: The system should perform its process in accuracy and Precision 
to avoid problems. 
 Modifiability: The system should be easy to modify, any wrong should be correct 
 Security: The system should be secure and saving customer's privacy. 
 Usability: The system should be easy to deal with and simple to understand.  
 Maintainability: The maintenance group should be able to fix any problem occur 
suddenly.  
 Speed and Responsiveness: Execution of operations should be fast. 



Hardware & Software Requirements 

 Hardware Requirements: 
 8 GB RAM  
 1 TB Hard Disk 
 64-bit Intel Core i5/i7 Processor 
 Internet/LAN 
 Smartphone/Laptop 

 Software Requirements: 
 Windows 10 Operating System  
 Xammp Software 
 Laravel 7 
 Php 7.4.10 
 MySQL 
 PhpStorm 
 Mozilla Firefox/Google Chrome 
 Domain 
 Hosting 
 SSL Certificate 